README.MD, before:

# Berties Books

Sample code for Dynamic Web Applications module.

Uses node.js with Express and EJS.

To install and run:

npm install
node index.js

access control added to registered users, add book, search books and book list
sanitization added in the first name, last name and username of register page

STRUCTURE:

# Berties bookshop

## Welcome to berties bookshop!
About berties book shop
search for books
register with us
add book
Login to your account
See our book list
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

# About berties book shop
We sell all sorts of books and nothing else!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Register with us
FIRST NAME:
LAST NAME:
EMAIL:
USERNAME:
PASSWORD:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Sign in
Username:
password:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Resistered users
A list of all users registered will show up
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Add book
TITLE:
PRICE:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
# See our book list
List of all registered books within the database will show up

Commit message:

lab9 with weather + api books route

README.MD, after:

# Berties Books

Uses node.js with Express and EJS, bcrypt and mysql

To install and run:

npm install
node index.js

Access control added to registered users, add book, search books and book list
Sanitization added in the first name, last name, username and password:
- first and last name is REQUIRED
- Username must be between 5 - 20 characters long
- password must have a minimum of 8 characters

# STRUCTURE:

# Berties bookshop

## Welcome to berties bookshop!
About berties book shop
search for books
register with us
add book
Login to your account
See our book list
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

# About berties book shop
We sell all sorts of books and nothing else!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Register with us
FIRST NAME:
LAST NAME:
EMAIL:
USERNAME:
PASSWORD:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Sign in
Username:
password:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Resistered users
A list of all users registered will show up
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Add book
TITLE:
PRICE:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

# See our book list
List of all registered books within the database will show up
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Check weacher
Users are able to search the current weather in any valid location 
*given wrong location will result in an error message*
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Logout
user will be logged out of their account
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

# CHECK BOOKS IN JSON FORMAT
